Autotranscribe writes an ode to Pembroke Dock. This is a collage poem that I made out of some of the mistakes made by my autotranscribing software when I was transcribing the interviews for this project.
And again, yeah, that's okay, and that's right. It's not that I don't intend to, you can let me know. Don't worry if that's, don't worry if I ask a question. It's really simple. It's this bar, this bizarre, okay, and like, you know it probably was.
You know, I mean, at least, you know, I don't. It's a fine. And the other thing about the way we are talking, stop me whenever you like, if you're like, no, this isn't, this isn't. I don't want to talk. I'm mostly not perfect. Don't feel.
And the final thing about that is let me know, vacuums. Oh, so you do understand. No, I've literally just as you can. All over town since I left, like that street over there, for the light of Polly looked really strange. Don't worry about it. I always am. Like obviously I do. Yeah. I wanted to ask, would you mind talking about the journey? Kind of like living in the dark.
I'm picnic here and right now the fairies, I see him as well from my street when I'm kind of walking sometimes. It's not somewhere. It's quite a lot. You can see from the dark and the first is the sensible barracks. The song goes into the modern day, but it's more, it's more of a place.
I think a lot of people don't realize and you want to walk to a point which are probably fearless parts away from each other. Draw like a boundary. Water followed old country, gunpowder, just like natural.
Walking through the site in what Justice says that a minute, as long as you can see me, I'm going to try. But then if I go there, it's like, do not mean you left. Yes, I just stranded a bit. It's such a lot. Yeah, okay. To reach out there. So they're there. What day? Oh, it's very fresh. I find sometimes. Sorry.
We had, I just thought myself. I don't know. I came over. I think I told you the last hour empty as well. Oh my God. No, I have don't like and it's all about like what? What do you want about? Why do you want? Okay.
Okay. So they put down the day and I had to apply. I've arrived at the location. That's where you end out by Angle Bay. I think a lot of people realize they're not going to be around forever. Do you stop walking though? No, no, no, no, I don't mind. Then it went to be, you know, caught up.
And it's all like, I cannot understand. I see exactly why people wake up beside me. I think islands. I've been interested to see what you think. How kind of far islands. And oh yeah, kind of. But like much fear though. But I, I still think it's probably very much. I mean, I've only ever been once.
But we, one of them were like, are we on the scraps of the moment? Yeah, it did me when I don't believe you. And I thought, oh, you really, I just want to show you. It's like then one of the old times actually kind of a history of hemorrhage. Like these towers, which obviously exist.
I suppose the best place to be. It's actually kind of a small town we've got just from memory. What I'll miss when I'm sure the oldest. I never heard of community. I'm showing you now the tower again and behind an old tickling pond. Yeah, well, what is now?
Everyone's trying to do something little to wherever it may be. The parts of other kind of mix up before the clarity existed and my moment. I used to take that and that wasn't that long ago. Conversations actually with people. Tall high feelings. And even if you, even if I, it's just a shame. It's kind of a small town.
Paradox Pembroke dock permit not and you know Columbus fell over then. This is East on the risk of as well halfway down the darkness stock. Can you hear me?